Lecture: Functions
Review Question 1
What is a Python function?
Answer : A piece of reusable Python code that solves a particular problem.

Review Question 2
You have a list named x. To calculate the minimum value in this list, you use the min() function.
Which Python command should you use?
Answer : min(x)

Review Question 3
What Python command opens up the documentation from inside the IPython Shell for the min function?
Answer : help(min)

Review Question 4
The function round has two arguments. Select the two correct statements about these arguments.
Answer : number is a required argument. and ndigits is an optional argument.

Lecture: Methods
Review Question 1
What is append() in Python?
Answer : append() is a method, and therefore also a function.

Review Question 2
You have a string x defined as follows:
x = "monty python says hi!"
Which Python command should you use to capitalize this string x?
Answer : x.capitalize()

Review Question 3
How does the list x look after you execute the following two commands?
x = [4, 9, 5, 7]
x.append(6)
Answer : [4, 9, 5, 7, 6]

Lecture: Packages
Review Question 1
Which of the following is a package for installation and maintenance system for Python?
Answer : pip

Review Question 2
Which statement is the most common way to invoke the import machinery?
Answer : import

Review Question 3
You import Numpy as foo as follows:
import numpy as foo
Which Python command that used the array() function from Numpy is valid if Numpy is imported as foo?
Answer : foo.array([1, 2, 3])

Review Question 4
You want to use Numpy's array() function.
You need to decide whether to import this function as follows:
from numpy import array
or by importing the entire numpy package:
import numpy
Select the two correct statements about these different import methods.
Answer : The from numpy import array version will make it less clear in the code that you're using Numpy's array() function.
         Using import numpy will require you to use numpy.array(), making it clear that you're using a Numpy function.
